Maybe i am too pure for this world...
It sting my senses, my thoughts, polutes me outside in.

When i be myself and nobody else, nothing can hurt me but my bare will.
When i be myself and nobody else, i be free, i can run and cry, dance and be alive.
When i be myself and nobody else, i can sing, i can draw, i can taste real freedom while looking at the ceiling.
When i be myself and nobody else, there is no others, there is only me, nothing to worry about, nothing to apologize for, nothing to ever feel sad for, nothing but myself.
When i be myself and nobody else, i put my headphones and burn my worries away, dreaming about a new life each time, playing with the version of people outside - out in the world.
When i be myself and nobody else, there is no love, no regret, no fear, no stress, all the people i want are outside, and if i go out, i stop being myself.
When i be myself and nobody else, i celebrate, i clean myself away from mistakes, i relax myself to begin another day.

All this in my room, my own room with messy clothes everywhere, a wonderful view to the city, my computer, my bed, all of mine is there.
What makes me whole - is there, maybe not in hand, but in the air.

When i get out of the room, anything unpredictable can happen, it scares me.
People get confusing, emotional... a bit too much.
The world gets into chaos, cars everywhere, there is no respect.
Wars begin and end, some last till the end and some are done with the president down.
Kids are learning bad things from the internet, being fed zionist propaganda, calling faggot to who they barely know - "but appear so". Getting out in a real world to become another generation of idiots.
Bunch of noises everywhere, where's the birds? The grass? The mother nature... i am too far away from anything i call home.

The need for order is only natural, no other animal pays to live but us, they don't scream, they don't bomb each other, they don't put value on a pretty piece of paper, just bare pretty rocks and useful contruibutions, no fancy speech to manipulate each other.

We got it so complicated... we got it so bad, in every weird way we can make something worse.
It's easier to make a worst better, but harder to make the worse a better.

I didn't lose hope, i got lost in the hurt.
I got corrupt and alone, i don't blame the world.
Where was i born, this is not what i asked for.
Who the hell said i wanted more?
Living for this is long gone.

I just wanted to call this a home.
